DOC-695: rewrite support topic (WIP) (#2009)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/getting-started/pages/support.adoc

= Get support
:description: Hazelcast provides two types of support: one for {open-source-product-name} users and one for {enterprise-product-name} customers.

{description}

== Community support

> Community support is available to every Hazelcast user. You can use the following channels to get community support:

Reviewer: This makes it sound more formal / guaranteed than it is - we don't have any kind of SLA for community support. Maybe:

```suggestion
Community support is available to every Hazelcast user. You can use the following channels to ask for help from the Hazelcast user community:
```

> * https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast[Hazelcast GitHub] (for reporting issues through our GitHub repository)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast[Hazelcast GitHub] for reporting issues through our GitHub repository.
```

2. xref:configuration:configuring-programmatically.adoc[Programmatically] by starting an embedded instance of Hazelcast with a `com.hazelcast.config.Config` object

You can provide the Hazelcast configuration to the Support team, either as an XML or YAML file, or the code blocks making up the `Config` object. Alternatively, you can obtain the configuration from each member in the cluster by visiting their member pages in the *Members* section of Management Center.

==== Hazelcast client configuration

The Hazelcast clients also have their own configurations that determine their behavior and the features they utilize. Some clients, such as Java, .NET, and Node.js, can be configured declaratively or programmatically, while others, such as Go, Python, and C++, can only be configured programmatically. 

You can provide the following for each Hazelcast client configuration:

[cols="2,2,2"]
|===
|Client type |Declarative |Programmatic

|Java
|XML, YAML
|Yes

|.NET
|XML
|Yes

|Node.js
|JSON
|Yes

|Go
|-
|Yes

|Python
|-
|Yes

|C++
|-
|Yes
|===

==== Hazelcast logs

> The Hazelcast logs contain useful information when debugging an issue in a Hazelcast cluster. Each member has its own Hazelcast log, which typically includes:

Reviewer: Per the style guide, bullets should end in full stops unless they're single words/phrases or links

- Metrics about the Hazelcast member, such as xref:maintain-cluster:monitoring.adoc#health-check-and-monitoring[HealthMonitor] output
- Log messages indicating when Hazelcast clients connect and disconnect from the member
- Details about xref:cluster-performance:threading.adoc#slowoperationdetector[slow operations] 
- Stack traces
- Other log messages regarding cluster health and performance

> We recommend you configure Hazelcast to use log4j, log4j2 or logback via slf4j. For more information about how to do this, see xref:maintain-cluster:logging.adoc[].  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend you configure Hazelcast to use log4j, log4j2 or logback via slf4j. For more information, see xref:maintain-cluster:logging.adoc[].  
```

- Information about the Hazelcast build version
- Properties related to the Operating System, JVM, and Hazelcast configuration
- Details about the invocations run on the member
- State of the Hazelcast cluster
- A log of system events, such as cluster version changes, member additions and removals, etc.
- Map store metrics
- Details about the type and volume of operations run on the member
- WAN Replication diagnostic information

The Hazelcast configuration provides settings for the rotation and retention of these diagnostic log files. For more information about the diagnostic plugins and how to configure them, see xref:maintain-cluster:monitoring.adoc#diagnostics[Diagnostics].

TIP: Do not truncate diagnostics logs. If you must truncate a log, ensure the startup section—containing environment and system details—is included.

==== JVM garbage collection logs

The JVM's garbage collection logs are often valuable in diagnosing performance problems in Hazelcast. Garbage collection (GC) logging is not enabled by default. We recommend you enable GC logging in production environments for performance analysis.

> This section describes the configuration parameters to enable JVM garbage collection logging, along with parameters for rotation and retention. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Generally avoid this kind of thing, it's a distracting context switch (reading about the docs structure instead of just absorbing the content). Maybe OK at a higher level but not for short child sections.

•	What you expected
•	Whether the issue is ongoing, intermittent, or resolved
+
2. Steps to reproduce
+
Document detailed steps so Support can attempt to reproduce the issue.
+
3. Optional reproducible test case
+
If available, include a minimal project or code sample that demonstrates the problem. Engineering may request this later if required.
+
4. Use case details
+
Explain how you use Hazelcast, including:
+
•	Data structures involved
•	Client types
•	Cluster size
•	Deployment environment (cloud, on-prem, containerised)
•	Any recent changes (upgrades, configuration changes, scaling events)

==== Set the ticket severity

Choose the correct severity to ensure the issue is routed appropriately.

[cols="1,3"]
|===
|Severity |Description

|Level 1
|Current production outage with no workaround

|Level 2
|Current production outage with a temporary workaround (for example, serving static content)

|Level 3
|Development issues, low-impact production issues, or analysis of an incident that has already ended

|Level 4
|General questions, enhancement requests, or other non-critical issues
|===

> After submitting your ticket, respond promptly to any follow-up questions or requests for additional data as timely communication helps accelerate investigation and resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After submitting your ticket, please respond promptly to any follow-up questions or requests for additional data.
```

I know we normally avoid "please" in tech comms, but in this context I think it's appropriate.
